Query Management and Configuration Clean-up for Enterprise 1.9 (#2733)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/_index.md

---

> title: Query Management
> description: Managing query execution within InfluxDB.
> aliases:
>     - /enterprise/v1.8/troubleshooting/query_management
> menu:
>   enterprise_influxdb_1_9:
>     name: Query Management
>     weight: 60
>     parent: Troubleshoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Manage queries
description: Manage query execution within InfluxDB.
aliases:
    - /enterprise/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management
menu:
  enterprise_influxdb_1_9:
    name: Query Management
    weight: 60
    parent: Troubleshoot
```

---

## Introduction

> Starting with InfluxDB v1.7, there are two query languagues which can be used to query and access data.  Each language is associated with an execution engine.
> 
> There are a variety of mechanisms for controling the behavior of the query engine and, in the case of the InfluxQL, additional meta queries for
> observing and interacting with running queries.
> 
> 
> - [InfluxQL query management](/enterprise/v1.8/troubleshooting/query_management/influxql_query_management)
> - [Flux query management](/enterprise/v1.8/troubleshooting/query_management/flux_query_management)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In InfluxDB v1.7+, there are two query languages that query and access data—InfluxQL and Flux.
Each language has its own execution engine.

These engines provide a variety of mechanisms for controlling their behavior.
InfluxQL provides additional meta queries for observing and interacting with running queries.

- [InfluxQL query management](/enterprise/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/influxql_query_management)
- [Flux query management](/enterprise/v1.9/troubleshooting/query_management/flux_query_management)

```
